Adds a new blog post for partial dumps (#7478)
supabase/supabase: apps/www/_blog/2022-06-28-partial-postgresql-data-dumps-with-rls.mdx

---
title: Partial data dumps using Postgres Row Level Security

> description: Using RLS to dump only a subset of your database.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Using RLS to create seed files for local PostgreSQL testing.
```

-- A fake analytics table where we store actions a user takes
create table analytics (
  id serial primary key,
  ts timestamptz default now(),
  profile_id references profiles,
  event text
);
alter table profiles
  enable row level security;

-- Here is an "age" rule so that we only dump the most recent analytics
create policy "Data dump rule" on logs
  for select
  to exporter
  using (
    profile_id in (1, 2, 3) and
    ts > now() - interval '2 MONTHS' -- here's the magic
  );
```

### Using flags

If you don't mind having some additional columns in you database, you can add flags to each row to determine whether it's safe to export.

```sql hideCopy
create table profiles (
  id serial primary key,
  name text,
  email text,
  is_exportable boolean -- make this "TRUE" if you want to allow access
);
alter table profiles
  enable row level security;

-- Only dump data for internal team members 1, 2, 3
create policy "Data dump rule" on profiles
  for select
  to exporter
  using ( is_exportable = true );

```

## Conclusion

Using `seed` data isn't the only way to run development environments. It's also possible to run fully-masked copies of your database using tools like

> [Snaplet](https://docs.snaplet.dev/tutorials/supabase-clone-environments).

Reviewer: This link is not working for me: https://docs.snaplet.dev/tutorials/supabase-clone-environments

Reviewer: Unfortunately it doesn't:

![Screenshot from 2022-06-30 16-04-37](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1829294/176778109-fb40ea33-a49e-40c6-8b2a-4648d3ef3d07.png)

Author: I'll ping the snaplet team
